Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
TO KILL MOTHER
Are you ''BigDickBlondie17''?
Are you ''TheRainbowGirl''?
Sorry for being late.
It's rush hour in La Castellana.
and I don't like my taxis speeding.
What shall I get us?
I'll get it.
I'll get you a kids' meal.
I'll get you a water.
That's for you. put it on.
Next.
Good evening.
I want a kids' meal with fries.
and a water.
Slightly chilled.
Excuse me.
you have to pull up your mask.
A boy's or girl's toy?
You still ask that question?
A boy's one. please.
We only have girl's.
6.19 euros.
Oh. and a large Coca-Cola with ice.
Relax. look:
''Cancel twice''. ''subtotal''.
''add product'' and ''subtotal''.
You can't press total
without having pressed subtotal.
8.59 euros.
To eat in or take away?
Madam. do you want a bag?
The lady is going to eat in.
right?
Yes. right.
They had no boy's toys left.
- You don't mind. right?
- No. I don't.
You're no longer a baby.
Don't look at me like that.
It makes me feel old.
Don't feel that way.
because you're...
Amazing for my age. yeah?
Right.
And how old are you?
I'm 17. but I'm turning 18 in a week.
On January 23rd.
although I don't enjoy my birthday.
How come?
Birthdays mean that you're alive.
Not having them would be bad.
Right. When I see you all...
I mean. when I see grandmothers.
I think:
''Damn. how lucky. they've lived life''.
Shall we eat?
I love these places.
fast-food restaurants.
Why?
Because they're forbidden places.
Going to them is a vice.
No hangovers. no guilt.
Why are we here?
I mean.
a woman like you in a place like this...
I feel more free here.
and a bit more badass.
Why are you advertising yourself
on those sites?
Well. I need money to pay
for my studies and vices.
I've been doing this since I was 15.
What about you?
Why are you looking
for ads like mine on those sites?
Unconsciously. for the forbidden.
I guess.
Consciously. for company.
And we women like younger guys.
no matter what you're told.
You're really handsome.
It's my eyes.
Excuse me?
I have good-boy eyes.
although I've been told
I'm quite a rascal.
You don't look like one.
Who told you that?
Children.
Your friends?
No. My mates from the orphanage.
Poor thing.
It must have been hard.
Were you treated well there?
Priests...
I've never liked priests.
And you?
What do you do?
I'm a widow now.
I used to be someone's wife.
I've never worked.
I didn't need or wanted to.
Don't you think
it's an easy task.
Not all of us survive
without getting addicted to alcohol.
to gossip shows.
or to lorazepam.
although I've tried it a few times.
I drink more than I should.
and sometimes I watch those TV shows.
Well...
listening to others' miseries helps me.
I'm going to grab more aioli sauce.
It's the first time I'm doing this.
Having sex for cash.
Shall we stop?
No. I think I'm ready.
I just wanted you to know.
I'll be really careful then.
If you feel uncomfortable at some point.
let me know.
I'm not a guy.
Do you have kids?
No.
Do you like films?
Only an idiot would say ''no''.
What kind of films?
How cute.
It's been long
since I've been asked that.
Well...
especially.
what Americans call ''woman pictures''.
Films. mostly big dramas.
about women in the 40s. 50s. 60s...
Bette Davis.
Joan Crawford...
That sounds unfamiliar. right?
What films do you like?
Now I'm going to sound uncultured.
but my favourite film has been
Indiana Jones since I was a kid.
All of them.
My mum showed me
the first one when I was two.
I wanted to be him.
I imitated him.
Like. when I was on the street
and got to a zebra crossing.
I'd imagine the white lines were rocks
and the rest was lava.
so I had to jump over them
not to fall and burn.
I even wanted to be an archaeologist.
That was only until Year 11.
when a teacher showed us
an archaeology documentary in class.
and that immediately put me off it.
So boring.
And what do you want to do now?
I don't know.
Be happy. I guess.
And I'd like to have kids.
Many. A bunch of them.
But I don't know if I'd be a good dad.
That scares me a bit.
Your considering it
means that you'll be one.
How do you know?
You're not a mother.
Excuse me.
I need to use the restroom.
Four. five. six...
One. two. three...
Seven. eight. nine...
One. two. three. four. five...
Can you show me your body?
I wanted to make sure
you weren't chubby.
Some guys lie.
I'm not sure what else to say.
It's me.
And don't talk
with your mouth full.
Your age.
an orphan.
Indiana Jones.
the birthmark...
You want answers. I guess.
I can give you them.
here and now.
Or later.
You set the pace.
I can leave if you want.
I'll pay for the service
and give you a good tip.
Anything you want.
Anything you want. Noa.
but say something.
Why?
I had to abandon you.
Fuck.
I don't want to make excuses any more.
I abandoned you because I wanted to.
I'm not asking for you to understand.
I probably wouldn't understand
if I were in your shoes.
Fucking hell.
Yeah. fucking hell...
How do I know all this is true?
Are you messing with me.
you bitch?
Huh?
I promise.
It's me.
I'm not lying.
It's me. your mum.
I saw something familiar in your eyes
when I got here.
Now I know what it is.
I'd love to say
that your life with me...
would have been better than this one.
but I can't.
Great.
I was really young
when you were born.
Young and selfish.
I'd have been a bad mother to you.
At least you'd have been a mother.
- Noa...
- Don't call me Noa!
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry from the bottom of my heart.
I'm sorry.
What's your name?
Dorita.
Excuse me. madam.
you cannot smoke here.
Kindly put it out
or else you'll have to leave.
Why would you let me smoke
if it's banned. son?
Sorry. we thought it was allowed.
Not since Zapatero banned it in 2006.
Please. allow me...
Do you want to watch
Indiana Jones and the Raiders
of the Lost Ark tonight?
Well. maybe next time. son.
In the latest film.
Harrison Ford is too old
and I don't like it.
Do you want us
to call someone to pick you up?
There's no need.
I'm leaving with him.
TO MY GRANDMA DORITA
Translation: M. Mitha
Subtitles: Bbo Subtitulado